adapted notebooks for SageMaker, Chapter 1 and Chapter 2 (#22)
nlp-with-transformers/notebooks: SageMaker/README.md

# Run the Hugging Face notebooks on SageMaker 

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a short intro here: E.g. "Here are the instructions to run the book's notebooks on AWS SageMaker."

> 1/

Reviewer: Can we make these proper subsections? I think they are easier to read.

```suggestion
## 1 Open Amazon SageMaker Notebook Instance
```

Reviewer: (same for subsequent numbers 2/, 3/ etc.)

Open Amazon SageMaker Notebook Instances in your preferred AWS region:
https://console.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/home#/notebook-instances 

2/
Click **Create notebook instance**.

3/
**Choose an instance type:**

> Any ml.t3.* instance or if you want to have an instance with GPU take e.g. ml.g4dn.xlarge. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run on CPU you can choose any ml.t3.* instanc or if you want to have a GPU take e.g. a ml.g4dn.xlarge instance. \
```

Overview: https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/pricing/

<img alt="notebook-config" height=300 src="images/notebook_config.png" id="notebook-config"/>

4/
Choose **notebook-al2-v1** and add more storage volume, e.g. 50 GB.

> 5/ (optional)

Reviewer: maybe add a comment what this does :)
